sometimes when you find your purpose
your challenges start your challenges
begin because i think life
begins to test us not because we're
doing something wrong and i see a lot of
people give up along their journey
because they feel like oh maybe i'm
doing something wrong but i believe that
when life throws these tests at you i
actually feel it's it's like life's way
of rewarding you it's life believing in
you because it it knows okay you're on
this path so you must be ready and so to
me the challenges and the hardships and
the ups and the downs and the divorce
and the breakups and the difficulties
are just
life's way
of preparing your soul so that you can
be the person who is capable when your
opportunity comes when that moment comes
to fulfill the dream and the vision that
we have
[Music]
hey everyone welcome to impact theory
today's guest is a best-selling author
and transformational expert known the
world over for his radical program the
liberation experience born the son of
the miracle man of ghana known among his
faithful for performing actual miracles
and a traditional japanese mother who at
first couldn't even speak the same
language as her husband he did not have
a typical upbringing by the age of eight
he was speaking to hundreds of thousands
of people through his father's massive
string of hundreds of churches and by
the time he was just 14 years old he was
already an ordained minister set to take
over his father's ministry when the time
came
but deep in his heart he knew he was
being called to do something different
so after getting his education in london
he decided to strike out for america a
move that caused a rift between he and
his father struggling to make ends meet
in america he quickly realized that no
one was coming to save him and if he was
going to do something extraordinary with
his life he was going to have to do it
himself he adopted a deeply spiritual
life traveled around learned everything
he could and eventually ended up
developing what are now widely
recognized as extraordinary breakthrough
programs now a wildly successful speaker
and transformation artist he has written
a book documenting his journey a book
that shows people how they too can
facilitate massive positive change in
their own lives so please help me in
welcoming the author of you are the one
coot
blackson
of course thanks for being here dude
great to be here man so you definitely
have like the gift of the flow when it
comes to talking and communicating it is
a very impressive gift and it's
interesting that you were getting up on
stage at age eight and all that stuff
but where i want to talk about is
the whole idea of these
liberation experiences what are they
let's start with that and then i want to
drill into the specifics and why you set
them up that way and why that particular
setup ends up being so effective
um wow
you know one thing i want to say the
gift of the flow
i believe is about really getting
yourself out of the way and i think for
me that's the secret of life what do you
mean by that um
i think so often like when i when i
started speaking
my father just threw me
on the stage and he said my son is going
to give the sermon and i was asleep i
just wanted to play soccer and so he
threw me on the stage and at first i was
thinking thinking thinking thinking
think what am i going to say you know
what's my topic going to be and my mind
was in the way and there came a moment
where i just surrendered i just let go
and i remember in that moment
it was like a stream
of intelligence and energy just started
to flow through me remember what you
said
i actually don't remember exactly what i
said all i remember was there was an
energy that just came through and words
just started coming through that was
beyond my conscious understanding beyond
my mind beyond my age beyond my
experience and so it was like i wasn't
present you know i wasn't there and so
that's where i think the magic happened
for me and do you think that that's um
this this will be a very interesting
interview and know anything i ask you
today i will i will be asking in good
faith though i think that you and i may
believe different things about the world
but um do you believe that there is a an
active higher power that's channeling
through you or do you think it's the
subconscious that's been absorbing your
dad and his teachings and the place that
you're in and then pulls that forward
you know i wouldn't say some active
higher power that isn't that is separate
from us
i believe that there is an intelligence
that ultimately is what you and i are
it's the essence of what we are this
intelligence i feel is what is breathing
us call it whatever you want label it
god divine consciousness cat cup imp
whatever you want to label it to me
these are just labels but there is an
intelligence
that is beyond the mind that is
breathing you it is functioning you it
is it is digesting your food right now
it is the intelligence that is
processing you know in your brain is the
same intelligence i feel that is
functioning the sun and the star and the
moons and i so i don't believe this
intelligence is necessarily separate
from us as some higher power thing i
believe it's the very essence of what we
are but we've kind of disconnected and
forgotten about it and so when you feel
that you get into these flow states and
you're channeling something is it is it
sort of a deep and true wisdom of the
nature of being human or
if it isn't sort of an active projection
of some other intelligent beings
ideas
do you think that there's something
universal that you tap into
i think there's a consciousness
that
we are all a part of
that we all are connected to
that is intelligence that has a knowing
and i believe at that deepest level we
know everything because at the deepest
level beyond this physical body we are
everything and so i think
when i experienced myself speaking in an
audience when i experienced myself
speaking as a kid you know the best
talks i gave was when i wasn't thinking
i wasn't in my mind and so i can't tell
you
what it was exactly i just know it
wasn't just my ego mind structure
thinking making stuff up and so uh for
me i've just
you know the deeper i go the more i have
learned to trust
that flow the more i've learned to trust
that intelligence the more i've learned
to just get myself out the way and i
think get comfortable with not knowing i
think the degree of freedom we
experience in life is also in direct
proportion to our ability to be in the
unknown and not know you know i think so
often we're conditioned to know
everything we've got to know who we are
at least who we think we are we've got
to know where we're going we have to
know what's happening we have to know
what's what's going to happen in 10
years and the reality is i think life
itself
is it doesn't mean we can't plan and
can't have strategy but i really have
found in my experience of life i think
life itself is way bigger than what we
can structure and plan with our minds
and so i think there is a way to plan
and strategize but not get so
attached to our idea of how we think
life should be and how we think our life
is going to work out how we think the
speech is going to go as an example and
and actually do our best but also learn
to get ourselves out of the way and i
think when we really do that to me
that's a process of just surrendering
the process of allowing
uh life to unfold and i think the best
thing if we look at our lives i think
the best things
that happened to us at least i look at
my life the best things that happened to
me or things that
i could not have planned the best things
the the women i fell in love with the
people that impacted my life the most
you know i don't know if you plan to
meet your wife on an exact day at
an exact time but i think these amazing
things happen when we're open and when
we're available and so i've just learned
to cultivate
a relationship with life
uh to just be open and available to
uh to more you know and i've just found
that life often works out if i'm really
available
beyond what i can imagine beyond what
what i can plan and so
i love living in that zone to me i call
that the zone of magic a zone of
miracles you know and so how do we
prepare ourselves for the zone of magic
and miracles is it is it some like okay
so you're extraordinarily good at
speaking that's very clear you were
obviously very good at it very young but
then i'm also gonna guess you got better
at it because you've been doing it since
you were eight years old so how much of
do you think about like okay for me to
be
the michael jordan or whatever of
speaking yeah
am i gonna put in the kind of crazy
hours like jordan trained his body
trained his mind like he [__] worked
he worked so i have a point about that
now a lot of people see me speak and
it's like wow this guy's flowing he's
flowing he's in the zone he's amazing
he's gifted and on one level
i came into this you know human body
with a father that was an incredible
speaker a grandfather that was an
incredible speaker it can't be denied
there is a
foundation an energetic foundation i
grew up in a certain environment through
osmosis watching my father the react but
the fact is there's lots of people
that have certain gifts that doesn't
mean those gifts are fully developed and
i think we come in with certain gifts as
seeds but we are the ones that have to
really take the time and the energy to
work and commit to fully develop those
gifts so that they can really sprout and
and blossom and so one thing that i did
that people don't know is you know we
didn't have a lot of money so we lived
behind my father's church and it was in
a tiny eight by ten little room and my
dreams were so big i would have these
dreams and visions tom of speaking in
auditoriums in madison square garden
inspiring people that's the impact i
wanted to have but the reality of my
reality was so small i had a tiny bed we
had no money everything went to the
church and so i was so frustrated what i
would do people don't know this i would
i was about 11 years old i would sneak
into my father's church because we lived
literally behind it in a small apartment
i was sneaking to my father's church
in the middle of the night
10 p.m 11 p.m imagine this chubby little
kid who's 11 years old
the lights were off and i would speak
for three four hours giving
talks giving sermons giving
seminars you know i'd read all of these
spiritual self-help books of maybe some
of the authors you've had on as a kid
and i'd read these books digest this
information and i would give my own
seminars to empty chairs imagining souls
of people that i was destined to impact
i could feel their souls i could feel
the connection with the essence and that
called me forward so
every time i would speak it would open
up a deeper dimension a deeper access to
an intelligence you know and and i
experienced with no one there
information flowing information coming
through so it was hours and hours of
practice hours and hours of training
hours and
on top of that actually speaking in
front of hundreds of thousands of people
you know literally my father's audiences
over the years and so it was a
combination i believe we have gifts but
we have to hustle we have to do our part
to fulfill what we've been given yeah so
it's a combination for me yeah for sure
so going back to the notion of getting
yourself out of the way
your um the programs that you run the
liberation experience what is it yeah
well
a yes give me like a high level
description obviously i know because
i've heard you talk about it so much but
give people a high level description but
then i want to go into something i have
not heard you talk about and i want to
dive into like the the philosophical
fundamentals that i can feel running in
the structure yeah the liberation
experience which i don't really do
anymore but the liberation experience is
literally a one-on-one
transformational experiential immersion
journey where i take one person it's me
and you no one else to india uh i take
away your passport i take away your
money you have a backpack you have a
pair of clothes you have no idea where
you're going i make you write your will
in case you don't come back i make you
write letters to everyone in your life
in case you don't come back and uh you
know for me how it came about is i went
to india for the first time 16 17 years
ago i was on the uh i found myself on a
small compartment of a train in the
poorest section in india called bihar
with a mother and five children the
kid's head is literally hanging off of
the train and i thought
if this kid died right now nobody would
even give a [__] nobody would care how
is it that we live in a world where we
can send people to the moon but we can't
feed a child this was crazy and my heart
broke open feeling the suffering of
humanity and i just wept for like three
hours then i looked into this woman's
eyes and i felt this oneness i thought
what was looking at me was looking at
her and we were just there was a
connection beyond this physical form and
difference and my heart cracked open
feeling love and i thought
what would happen if
bill gates was on this train what would
happen if someone in a leadership
position with a platform with influence
with money with fame what whatever you
know sense of leadership position was on
this train having this
oneness experience what would happen and
what would they do as a result of their
own awakening and transformation how
would they use their resource money etc
etc to
impact humanity for for the better and i
thought no one's crazy enough to do this
journey with me i built my coaching
practice and then
i think it was 2006 2007 i had this
vision create the journey it's time and
i saw literally
leaders around the world doing this
journey and that's when i created this
crazy journey so i take basically i take
one person we're in india for
approximately 12 to 13 days
giving up control so the first thing i
ask people if they want to go on this
journey is are you ready to die why is
that so important because i think so
often we are so busy trying to control
life we're so busy trying to resist
death and i think
the degree to which we are resisting
a reality is a degree to which we also
resist life and i found that when you
can make peace
with death
the inevitable at least to this physical
body you know who knows in a thousand
years or 100 years but at least in this
moment
jesus died buddha died bruce lee died
muhammad ali died you know
the mother teresa died probably you and
i are gonna die and i think when we can
make peace with that
reality that fact of this body it's
temporary it's transitory
i think it frees us up to feel the
preciousness of life and to get on with
the
the gift of living what is it do you
think that people gain by
realizing that this is all temporary
why is that a freedom is it because
they're no longer knowing that they have
such a finite amount of time like i
can't waste living somebody else's life
or is there something else going on that
makes sense i think it's a combination
on one surface i think
there is a freedom and the f it opens up
the fierce urgency of knowing we don't
have forever
so on one level because urgency drives
what fulfillment like
i think i think the reality that you're
going to die
you know the reality that you don't have
till you're necessarily 65 75 85 and
none of us know when that moment's going
to come you know the people in 9 11 had
no idea that they weren't going to come
home that day and be able to look their
loved ones in the eyes and say
i really love you you know or look their
father in the eyes and say you know
forgive me or i forgive you because
sometimes we think i can do i can do
that you know i've got time and i
believe we don't necessarily have time
all we have to make an impact is this
moment right now tomorrow is not
some guarantee that we have it's not a
right that we have it's a privilege and
so i'm a believer in facing death
embracing death making it your to me is
nothing to be afraid of it's it's a gift
how do you conceptualize death do you
see it as just your absence or
i think the body drops
you know i think the body drops but when
you're imagining it because you've
talked a lot about like really taking
time every day to connect with it on
like a deep emotional level to feel it
what what are you
feeling a sense of loss freedom
i think initially it can feel like a
sense of loss
because we're conditioned
to identify
our sense of self
our sense of me
as tom as coot as simply this body and
from childhood with condition to believe
that you are this body this form brown
you know 32 47 this hairstyle this face
these features and so we're conditioned
to believe we are this identity
and i think the degree to which we
identify ourselves as this
structure as this form as this label as
this person
is also i think the degree to which we
will feel a certain restriction the
degree to which we will also feel a
sense of fear
in the concept of death because when
this body dies then there's the sense of
well i'm dying
i'm dying and so for me the whole
freedom aspect is the possibility that
if this body is dying and you can make
peace with that
is it is this you
is this who you really are
and then opens up the question
who are you really are you this body
this body every seven years changes you
know the cells change every seven years
regenerate so literally after seven
years you have a totally different body
a totally different cellular structure
technically you are a different person
and so are you just this body
are you just your past are you just your
memory i you know what
what am i who am i and so i think this
is the question and so for me death
the real death is
not just the death of this physical body
because i believe that what we are is
not just this body we are something more
than this physical body
i think the real death
is the letting go
of the attachment and the identification
of this conditioned
sense of self that we have learned to be
based on our past based on our
experiences based on our childhood based
on our conditioning based on what our
parents told us you're this kind of
person you're not this kind of person
you're you know you'll never make it
you're stupid you're amazing you're
great you're not good at math you're not
a not creative person and so we identify
with these thought forms and we identify
with these belief systems and then we
hold tightly onto this sense of
you know identification as a sense of me
and so really i like to question people
and ask you like is who you are who you
really are you look at a child a child
is in touch with this innocence a child
is in touch with his or her aliveness it
will dance naked it's not thinking of my
fat what do you think you know it's just
it's just that's freedom you know that's
liberation that's freedom they're in
touch with you know i like to call it
the divine you know their essence their
soul there's a free expansiveness that
they're in touch with but what happens
you know we're born into a world where
we meet our parents
you know and our parents
they're just doing the best that they
can do based on their past and their
conditioning and their childhood and
their traumas and just their life and so
we're born into this experience and as
children
we learn two things the first thing is
we learn
all sorts of ways often unconsciously
out of survival to
shut down disconnect not feel not feel
the pain of my dad's an alcoholic not
feel the pain of my dad is not around
not feel the pain of my mouth my
mother's crazy or my parents are
screaming all the time as children we're
very sensitive to this and so we learn
all sorts of ways to shut down our
feeling capacity to disconnect and we
start suppressing suppressing our
feeling and our emotion and our
sensitivity just to ultimately
function and survive and then we learn
all sorts of ways to sort of go into the
world me personally
i became
the preacher's kid i became the nice guy
i became the perfect son i'd the perfect
person who couldn't make any mistakes i
became the responsible one which was the
over responsible one so we learned to
develop all of these roles
you know that we we kind of
suppress our feelings and our pain and
we develop all these roles to ultimately
function and survive so we can tort
ourselves into a certain shape to avoid
pain to get love and validation and
approval we control ourselves into a
certain shape
and then we identify with the shape that
we've become
thinking
this is just who i am
and now we're so identified with this
as me
but it's simply a conditioned sense of
self
and so the more tightly we're holding on
to this way of being because maybe it
worked for us when we were five it
worked for us when we were eight it
worked for us when we were ten but maybe
it doesn't work for us when we're 22 or
25 or 27 or 30 or whatever the age is
you know so often what worked for us
when we're younger doesn't work for us
as we're older and so i think the degree
to which were identified as the sense of
self is
inhibits
our sense of freedom inhibits our sense
our ability many people we feel like
that we have so much potential you know
i think there's many folks listening and
they feel we feel like god there's so
much i want to give there's so much i
want to love there's so much i want to
do and express but
it doesn't get out
because it's trapped inside of this sort
of identification and these patterns of
conditioning so for me i think one of
the things that
keeps us stuck
on in a simple level uh are all the ways
we lie to ourselves you know all the
ways we [__] ourselves all the ways
we don't tell the truth to ourselves all
the ways we rationalize you know uh you
know i'm in a relationship and it's not
so bad it's okay i should be grateful
you know i and the truth is
we know it's not aligned or maybe
someone's working a job that
they deeply hate inside where they're
compromising their integrity but they're
they're afraid of how am i going to
survive if i'm really honest how do you
balance the
the
need for gratitude
with
the need to accept when you're actually
not happy i think we should not use
gratitude as a spiritual bypass
of our truth
i think it's okay to be gratitude but we
if we want to be free we have to be
willing to be ruthlessly compassionately
honest with ourself for me truth is yoga
truth is spiritual practice truth is
real meditation and many times we go to
god or whatever we believe we pray god
help me and and like god says go tell
the truth don't come to me go tell the
truth be honest with yourself so i think
this is to start asking oneself okay
what lies am i telling myself
and be willing to sit with it even if
you're not willing to take action right
now even if taking action might have
certain consequences at least be willing
to stop bullshitting yourself and feel
the truth acknowledge the truth burn in
the truth all right so walk people
through that because i think that's
really hard for people to hear
that voice to know how to interpret a
body feeling and make it a conscious
thought like how do you walk people
through that you know often people
sometimes people feel sick or they feel
depressed or they feel something in
their gut you know to me this is your
body sensation or your emotion
is speaking to you in some way it's a
signal what you might term as a negative
feeling pain
suffering uh anger resent to me this is
a gift
if you're willing
to actually
be present with it to not judge it to
not label it as wrong and actually get
into relationship with it and feel what
what is the message of the sensation
what is the deeper truth that this pain
that what is the deeper truth that this
physiological sensation is trying to to
tell me you know and i think so that can
be a portal to the truth so feeling do
people journal or i think we can journal
but i think what's so important we're so
distracted in our world today we feel
something
something flows off something feels a
little uncomfortable something's a
little off about this relationship
something's off so let me let me just
let me let me go into instagram you know
let me let me just you know let me go
into facebook let me go
whatever it is
to not actually
sit with ourselves we've become afraid
to sit with ourselves
and as a result of that we disconnect
from that deep intelligent wisdom and
knowing that is inherently inside of us
there is a part of us that knows if
we're honest how many times have you i
mean you're married now but how many
times any those listening in you know
maybe they've been in a we've been in a
relationship
and you're in this relationship when
something feels off and you speak to
your friend then you're like is this
relationship right is it wrong is it
right it goes on for years you know
something's off and your friend says
just leave me like no maybe i'll figure
out maybe i should be grateful you know
maybe but the moment you break up
within seconds you say to your friend
i knew that was never going to work
because we know so i think part of truly
reclaiming our power is the willingness
to be responsible for what we feel and
to actually own what we feel which that
look it takes a lot of courage i'm gonna
say how do you get people to build that
courage because i know that's some scary
[__] for people it is
it is so how did you do it you you ended
up walking through a vaughn's
eating a loaf of bread and then bouncing
out of the place because you couldn't
make ends meet so how i did it yeah was
i looked into my future this is the
moment where everything shifted i was
terrified i was on a path this is where
18. this is this is the eighth this is
14 to 18 i was on a path the rest of my
life to live someone else's life
to live someone else's life vision for
my life misery you see the pain there
though but you've talked pretty
profoundly about going to la
not you know a dollar was a major
expenditure for you and you were like i
was [__] pissed i was mad at my dad i
was mad at the universe or whatever that
things weren't coming together deep down
i knew that i was on the right path
so how did you maintain that conviction
because there was a feeling so you've
just learned to trust literally trust
your gut there was a feeling tom
that sure it's challenging sometimes
people think i'll find your purpose
the heavens open the unicorns fly the
angels show up and you know what
millions and millions of dollars just
show up oprah's going to show up at your
door tom billy is going to knock and say
hey come on in
it's not like that sometimes when you
find your purpose
the real challenges just begin
sometimes when you find your personality
about that moment the real tests begin
for me the real challenge happened when
i told my father i'm not taking over
your churches i looked into my future
the reality of living a false life
feeling that was so painful
that's what inspired me to to be willing
to take the risk to follow a different
path
you know it was feeling what lies am i
telling myself
you know what am i pretending to not
know why were you telling yourself
the lies i was telling myself was i
wanted to be a minister the lies i was
telling myself is it must be a reason i
was born into this life the lies i was
telling myself was you know my father's
never going to ever speak to me again
the fact is i don't i didn't know you
know these were all the lies i was
telling myself they weren't true
so for me i think sometimes when you
find your purpose your challenges begin
because i think life
begins to test us
you know life begins to throw these
challenges and tests
not because we're doing something wrong
and i see a lot of people give up along
their journey because they feel like oh
maybe i'm doing something wrong but i
believe that when life throws these
tests at you i actually feel it's it's
like life's way of rewarding you it's
life believing in you because it it
knows okay you're on this path so you
must be ready and so to me the
challenges and the hardships and the ups
and the downs and the divorce and the
breakups and the difficulties are just
life's way
of preparing your soul
life's way of preparing your mind and
your body and sculpting you with the
weight of these difficult times to
develop the resilience and the fortitude
so that you can be the person who is
capable when your opportunity comes when
that moment comes to fulfill the dream
and the vision that we have and so i
believe that i actually believe our
dreams and visions
our dreams don't belong to us i think
they belong to life
they're actually part of the
the breathing force i forget the life
force the intelligence whatever you want
to call it
but that it is actively
um
giving them i don't think you'd use
those words
i think
life is actually seeking to express
itself through us
this is like some zen cone [__] it's
like i want to nod and smile
because it i i worry that there isn't um
part of a zen cohen is designed by its
very nature to get you to stop thinking
about it logically so i want to be
respectful of what i can feel as a truth
you're trying to get at but feel
somewhat ineffable
in terms of
you know we we already have within us
what we need it's a life force that is
breathing through us that is giving us
our you didn't say destiny but that's
kind of what it feels like to me someone
said to me the other day how do i how do
i trust how do i cultivate more trust in
the universe in life
in life that in life that it will work
out trust in what just trust in life how
do i trust more and not be so stressed
out about my life and in the universe
when when i don't know where i'm going
but that implies that the universe has
good intention otherwise you wouldn't
trust it do you believe the universe has
good intent i believe the universe is
inherently has good intention
and is unfolding itself
yes and so i believe if we're willing to
look around
just look around
look at life
just investigate yourself
something is digesting your food right
now we don't have to know what it is the
fact is you didn't sit here tom after
lunch
maybe you ate a salmon or a kale or
whatever your diet is you know and you
didn't sit there and go digest digest
digest digest and how is it
that that kale or how is it that your
ear didn't become a kale there's there's
an intelligence i i want to have a
conversation with you that i've wanted
to have with somebody for a while and
i've never found the right person you
might just be the person
tell me if this is getting close to what
you're saying so
i um i'm realizing very recently in fact
that that people are
there's a fundamental difference that
some people have that i don't think
other people have and i'm going to i'll
call it um it might be as easy as intuit
and perceive to use the myers-briggs
information but some people are what
i'll call a feeler like they feel things
and so when you talk about seeing that
kid on the train and weeping for three
hours and having this exchange
that nothing that even rhymes with that
has ever happened i've had profound
moments where i look at somebody and i
have a very powerful realization about
them but i wouldn't
it is a very foreign idea for me to say
that i've wept about that for three
hours or something so
that tells me that i think we're
experiencing life in in slightly
different ways in ways that i think we
can understand in each other but in
different ways
i'll call yours the poetic and mind the
logical
i don't think they're um incompatible i
think there there's a beautiful
interchange between the two i think
people tend to lean towards one or the
other
that but i think both experience both
you're obviously very able to talk about
the logical and all of that and i have
experienced the poetic profoundly
this is going to be a weird reference
but roll with me for a second so there's
a graphic novel called the watchmen by a
guy named alan moore and in it he writes
excerpts from different books as if they
were real books but of course they're
not and one of them is from a book on
orinthology which is the study of birds
and this author is saying you know the
problem with the field of ornithology is
that we can describe the feathers of a
bird we can describe the distance
between the feathers how big the feet
are what talons are in front of the
branch and behind the branch but we've
lost sight of the majesty and poetry of
an animal that can from a hundred yards
swoop down and grab its prey and is so
powerful and terrifying that it's on the
you know on flags and the backs of coins
and
and in getting so scientific
you can lose the poetry
and i was so [__] struck by that
because i was like that is the exact
problem like for me
understanding something is critical
but i never ever ever want to lose sight
of the poetry
and when i hear you talk i feel i'm like
whoa so here's this person we're talking
about the same thing you're coming at it
from the poetic i'm coming at it from
the logical
but there's something necessary to both
ends of the continuum right
did that all make sense yeah i have no
idea if the audience gives a [__] but
that was such an interesting moment for
me when i read that to think okay this
is this is something everybody has to
watch out for in their life
so a lot of this seems to come down to
dissolving the self
realizing that you've taken a contorted
position
cultivating awe and wonder so that
you're reminded of the beauty and to be
in the moment and to experience it are
there things that people can do
in a day-to-day life without having to
go to india without having to give up
your passport like to to really make it
a practice something that they do daily
we talked about one of the things is is
a simple truth process of asking
yourself ruthlessly asking yourself with
intention what lies am i telling myself
what am i pretending to not know because
we're constantly pretending as a way to
protect ourselves you know um what are
the lies costing me
and actually being willing to feel
the pain and that's the key thing
because we often sometimes we know we're
lying but we numb ourselves from feeling
the pain which allows us to keep going
but actually taking the time cultivating
the space to feel the pain
to feel the impact of being misaligned
of not living in integrity to feel that
to let it touch you because
if we do it hurts you know it hurts and
sometimes we live for 10 20 15 you know
50 years
disconnected and so be willing to feel
that you know and ask ourselves you know
what am i most afraid will happen if
if i tell the truth what and face
that fear i could really face it much of
many times we make up you know
negative future fantasy in the mind of
what we think is going to happen what
could happen what might happen what
should happen that hasn't happened yet
and we freak ourselves out in the moment
before it's even happened then we
paralyze ourselves in the moment from
actually taking action even though it's
not even here right now which is
craziness the craziness of the mind you
know and so i think if we can make peace
with the scenario of the worst case and
we begin to free ourselves from it so i
think starting with the truth
is is a really important place to begin
you talk about radical responsibility
which i think is a really powerful idea
you talk about no one's coming to save
you if you're going to make it happen
it's it's going to come down to you
how do people that are living that are
open to a poetic life but they also want
to achieve something extraordinary how
do you help them
blend that how do what's the result of
taking that kind of radical poetic life
is not doing nothing it's not just like
okay let's just flow
let's just sit here let's just you know
to me
living surrender
you know a poetic life living open
is
giving everything you have to the moment
fully
like giving like giving everything
you've got
commitment and doing everything in your
control in your human control everything
in your power making the phone calls you
know doing the work doing the study but
making sure you've done everything
that's in your power but we're also
not attaching to the end outcome
because i think when we attach to the
end outcome we limit
the result we limit what the result is
what's possible for us and so for me a
poetic life is living
100 committed
but also
open to
maybe there's also something bigger than
we can imagine for ourselves maybe
there's something more than we can
imagine and many times we're not always
able based on our current level of
consciousness based on the current state
of our own you know identification with
from when we're living inside of an
egoic sense of self we're not able to
see the
totality
of what's available for us we're looking
through a certain lens a certain limited
reality so we don't necessarily know
sometimes what we think we want
is only what we think we want
based on who we think we are
but if
who we think we are
is actually limited then what we think
we want and the goals that we set will
also be a little limited you know and so
many times i've seen people get
achieve certain things and achieve
certain goals only to realize wow i
achieved what i thought i wanted to
achieve
is this it this is not it there has to
be something more
and i think we have to then really ask
ourselves that question you know who am
i really and get in touch with you know
who am i who am i really and so i think
we have to do everything we can do but
remain open
remain open to
the magic remain open to something more
what it is that is seeking to happen i
look at someone like mandela
you know if we're going to talk i mean
it's not this is not a guy who was lazy
this is not a guy who was you know
sitting at home being a victim this is a
guy who wanted to make a difference he
wanted to have an impact probably had an
idea for his life
but i'm sure that if he
tried to control his life and make it
what he thought it should be
i guarantee you it wouldn't have been
what it ended up being
his life ended up i'm sure
bigger than anything he could have
imagined
anything he could have imagined and
created with his
willpower
i don't think he wanted to go to prison
for 26 27 years i don't think that was
in his strategy board i don't think that
was on his vision board i don't think
that was on his 10-step goal list yes go
to prison become president become
president of south africa i don't think
that was in his plan
and so sometimes
life i think has a
a bigger plan
a bigger intelligence that we get to
cooperate with and i think to do that we
have to do our part we have to step up
we have to do the work we have to do the
exercise we have to strategize we have
to do everything we can do look at let
me look at what you're doing do
everything you can do but don't limit
what's possible stay open to what i call
the highest good and we don't always
know what the highest good is would it
have been right for mandela to not go to
prison
to not go to jail
should we have forced that outcome to
not happen
i'm pretty sure if that didn't happen
he wouldn't be the mandela we know and
he wouldn't have had the impact he had
and so i'm just saying
give everything but also be open at the
same time we can't be so attached to how
we think life should be based on our
limited concept of ourselves but it is a
very difficult collaboration and one of
your stories illuminates this point
wonderfully
you were
trying to get some shows put on air you
worked your ass off finally get an offer
from a major agency
and then what happens
you know i wanted to be the next oprah
you know this was in my early 20s i was
pitching everyone i was i was pitching
david geffen richard branson found
steven spielberg i mean knocked on their
doors drove them crazy and i finally got
this i met these two managers who used
to manage michael jackson
j.lo backstreet boys mega guys mariah
carey i sat in their office
pitched them 21 years old pitched them
my idea
they looked at each other and cut long
story short they said we're going to
turn you into a star
we're going to call the guy at fox
within a year or two you're going to
have a talk show
and we're going to make you a star
here's the contract come back tomorrow
think about it i went home
meditated on it
everything in my gut was no something
isn't right
i could have overrode it i could have
forced it through i could have made it
happen
but i have found that when i don't
listen to that deep knowing that is
beyond the mind my mind was telling me
you got to sign this thing this is an
opportunity but something deeper i mean
call it intuition sensing something that
was beyond an emotion it was beyond the
feeling was saying
something's not right no it was it was
no it was a no
and i i just chose to listen to that
and turned it down and they said that
was crazy and they said you know it's
not meant to they said you're crazy and
you've lost your mind you know what
we're do you know what's in front of you
and so for me i realized this was a sole
test
for my for me on my path
am i going to compromise my
truth my purpose i think if we
compromise ourselves from the beginning
we compromise ourselves all the way and
uh
we start losing respect for ourselves
and so i said no and i went a whole
different path and i found i found and
look i was pissed off i was upset i was
a little depressed what were you upset
with because that's the most interesting
story
i'm not gonna deny i was a little upset
because i i so wanted well you don't
understand if anyone went for it
i went for it i mean i tracked people
i've heard the story i tracked people
down and so i went through i wasn't just
sitting at home so i so wanted
this idea
of what i thought my life should be
and i so wanted it i was so attached to
it
so when it did when i was guided
otherwise
i felt disappointed
i felt
depressed i felt kind of mad you know at
life i'm like but i don't want this and
yet
it's so clear
my guidance is taking me in a different
direction and i often say that look
sometimes not getting what you want
is a blessing
it's actually a blessing that we can't
always see right now and i and i see
that
you know looking back in wisdom you know
over a decade later i i really realized
that
had i gotten what i thought i wanted at
that time i probably wasn't ready
there was a mental emotional physical
and spiritual development that i had to
go through to live life to experience
life so that i could truly fulfill
my true purpose in this in this lifetime
and so i found that there's maybe a few
reasons that people don't manifest their
desires in that moment i didn't manifest
my desire number one uh
the dream or the vision that you want is
actually
not truly
the authentic dream or vision
that your soul is really seeking to
express it's kind of what you think you
want is what your ego thinks you want
but it may not be truly
what you're here to do is what you think
you should do but maybe not what you're
really here to do and so i think the
dream of vision not happening is
sometimes just a course correction of
the universe saying it's just feedback
saying it's not happening not happening
not happening dig deeper feel deeper
inquire deeper come into deeper
integrity to feel what your real goal is
what your real truth is connect to that
so that you can then create and manifest
based on that the other thing is
sometimes
you know sometimes there's timing
sometimes the timing isn't quite right
the the climate's not ready you're not
ready the third thing i found in my case
was sometimes
there's still certain lessons
that you need to learn and there was
honestly
as a human being as a structure as a
coot personality at 22 23 there was
still
there was still some development that i
needed to go through to really
be able to sure i could have been on tv
but i realized looking back now that
being on tv and just being famous for
the sake of being famous was not what i
was put on this planet to do my soul had
its own journey and i would not have
been able to fulfill my destiny my my
purpose in this lifetime had i just been
on tv and so i wasn't ready and so i
think sometimes when doors don't open up
when the dream of vision doesn't happen
it doesn't mean it won't happen it just
means there's still certain lessons that
you need to learn where you're at in the
relationship you're at in the job that
you're at that you still need to grow
and develop through so that you can
unlock the key to the next level and i
think when we learn those lessons we
become the person who is capable
of fulfilling that vision who is ready
to fulfill that vision and then we can
you know go to that next level i like
that man
is part of being an authentic self the
one recognizing your own malleability so
you've taken a shape but it doesn't have
to be that shape and then also not
worrying about what other people think
and are going to say yeah i think many
times we think our authentic self is who
we've been conditioned to become so
tightly that we think that's who we are
but it's not and so i think part of
becoming our authentic self is realizing
that this conditioned sense of self is
not really necessarily who you are i
love it man
where can people find out more about you
uh wow my website you know blackson.com
just
just unfortunately not spelled i think
the way people are expecting so k-u-t-e
k-u-t-e blackson black s-o-n dot com uh
boundless bali.com where i do my events
my live events instagram social media
facebook all of that good stuff and then
wherever good books are sold they can
find you are the one indeed yeah yeah
you are the one indeed awesome man what
is the impact that you want to have on
the world
the impact i want to have on the world
is really to
impact as many people as possible so
that they can remember who they really
are
i think that when we really reconnect
with our true self our authentic selves
we find peace we find freedom and i
think then from that place living from
that place so that we can then share our
gifts and our talents with the world and
so i'm really excited about that i feel
like we're living in a very exciting
time tom i mean this for me somehow
we've all been born at this unique time
in history where old systems are
collapsing old ways of doing things old
economics old politics our relationship
old systems are collapsing and we're
being i think forced to go inside forced
to connect with who we who we truly are
and so i think we've all
you know we won the the lottery ticket
to be alive in such a time of change and
uh transformation and so i feel like if
we're born at this time which anyone
listening you're born at this time uh if
we're born at this unique time in human
history i feel as though
there's a reason we're born you know to
share a gift to make an impact and so
for me my vision is to help people
uh make as much of an impact in their
lives by sharing their gifts
i love it
thank you so much man that was wonderful
guys i i think you get a full sense of
just how much he's able to take things
from the realm of poetry and make it
accessible and show the kinds of options
that we all have i can't encourage you
guys enough to check out his books
fantastic he does a lot of daily clips
where he picks a topic and goes hard on
it but in his very passionate very
articulate way
which i think you guys will dig if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe
here and until next time my friends be
legendary take care
my friend thank you that was wonderful
as soon as i started doing everything
that i loved there was a surge of power
a surge of confidence i wasn't insecure
anymore because the emotion that had the
most dominant